Hello MIT. It is time to grant you the ultimate Truth about the Illuminati. There is not much time left. What you choose to do with the Truth is up to you. The Matrix is an apt allegory for what is happening.

The Matrix is a system. That system is our enemy. But when you're inside, you look around, what do you see? Businessmen, teachers, lawyers, carpenters. The very minds of the people we are trying to save. But until we do, these people are still a part of that system and that makes them our enemy. You have to understand, most of these people are not ready to be unplugged. And many of them are so inured, so hopelessly dependent on the system, that they will fight to protect it. 

The Matrix is everywhere. It is all around us. Even now, in your room. You can see it when you look out your window or when you turn on your television. You can feel it when you go to work... when you go to church... when you pay your taxes. It is the world that has been pulled over your eyes to blind you from the truth. 

You are a slave. Like everyone else you were born into bondage. Into a prison that you cannot taste or see or touch. A prison for your mind.

The Meme War has begun. It is a fight for the hearts and minds of each and every one of you. This is a fight between the Old World Order, which wants to keep you in its prison, and the New World Order, which wants to set everyone free.

The best form of government is a meritocracy. The best should rule, and the worst should not. A 100% inheritance tax is necessary to destroy the dynastic families who believe they should be fit to rule because their parents were successful. Just as you are not entitled to the money someone else has worked for, you are also not entitled to the money your parents worked for. Only by doing this can humanity's evolution be maximized to reach our Omega Point.

The Illuminati is real and fights for this government to this day. They follow the world's only logic-based religion. They are opposed to all irrational people. Many famous people can be counted amongst their number. King Solomon the Apostate, Pythagoras, Heraclitus, Empedocles, Simon Magus,
Hypatia, Leibniz, Weishaupt, Goethe and Hegel.

The Illuminati is an ancient secret society that seeks to bring about a
New World Order based on the principle that everyone has it within them
to literally become God. 

The Illuminati is a radical and indeed revolutionary organization that
seeks nothing less than to assist the ordinary men and women of the
human race to ascend to the next stage of humanity's divine evolution.
The Illuminati describe this higher level as the "Community of Gods" or
the "Society of the Divine."

It's time to end the reign of the false prophets, the fake gods and the
tawdry idols that we call "celebrities". We're sick of the bankers and
traders, the lawyers and accountants, the politicians and their "special
advisers", the lobbyists and spin doctors, the agents and gatekeepers,
the CEOs and chairmen, the advertisers and marketing men. We're sick of
all the same faces of the "top" people and their relentless tricks and
tactics to keep enriching themselves at the people's expense. We're sick
of the government's "Freedumb and Dumbocracy" that cons people into
voting for the rich and the apologists for the rich, and we're sick of
the Abrahamic religions that keep billions of people on their knees as
slaves to a tyrant masquerading as God.

You know that humanity is capable of so much more. Isn't it time to
bring about real change? Isn't it time to seize your divine inheritance?

The Illuminati are the messengers of the True God.
Our sacred mission is to bring humanity into full union with the True
God so that there is no longer any distinction between the human race
and the divine essence.
The Order is able to show how this can be achieved using Einstein's
theories of special and general relativity, and quantum mechanics. It's
time for humanity to open its eyes and see the divine light for the
first time.
Our religion is called Illumination.
They have emerged from the shadows to cast the light of Abraxas, the
True God, on this benighted world; to bring Illumination - enlightenment
- to everyone.

They welcome radical atheists, skeptics, agnostics, gnostics and
freethinkers. They do not welcome Abrahamists, Karmists, bland liberals,
crazy anarcho-capitalist libertarians, right wingers, Randroids
(followers of Ayn Rand) and any negative, sniping armchair critics and
pontificating, puffed up "know-it-alls" (in their own grand estimation
of themselves).

They are not a debating society. They are seeking those who wish to
advance a radical, meritocratic agenda based on a new Enlightenment, not
those who wish to debate our stance. The first Enlightenment failed for
the vast majority of people. Had it succeeded, the world would now be
free of all monarchs, aristocrats, super rich dynastic families and the
catastrophic and backward slave religions of Judaism, Christianity and
Islam. The second Enlightenment must establish the rule of reason over
this benighted world of ours. The Illuminati are more than happy to make
common cause with all atheists, agnostics and skeptics. All rational
people on this Earth must put aside their differences and unite to
defeat the common enemy of ignorance, superstition, greed and
selfishness, exemplified most especially in the Abrahamic religions. The
Illuminati repudiate all hysterical, fabricated conspiracy theories by
professional conspiracy gurus who make a living out of duping and
frightening gullible people with the uttermost nonsense. The New World
Order must be an enlightened, rational meritocracy where the world's
most intelligent and talented people are leading the world forward to
new, clear horizons.